hey people crime xi and yesterday has
rockstar games again a few
really cool info for the gta 5 next
version publishes this information
However, they only offer themselves to the people
it already is now playing the movie
and then to the next version
change and that just really right
cool things and I will
just present it first
there would be the import djf and the logo
plane this one can pass both through
get missions
You also have to have one with Michael
Clarify murder case and I think so
really cool that a few more
singleplayer mission there and the
Murder hears in any case right
I'll definitely be cool too
all the stuff and in the video
linking so that you can
that also can read through
and then there are two new ones
weapons that would be the railgun and once
the hatchet and I think so too
really money because there is also here
that the religion has its own ammunition
I need to be there first
curious how that will be with the parents and
I would be correct in any case
annoy if I'm not a player of the old
console would be and then just not this
would get cool weapon
Furthermore, there is a new dive boat
the kraken dive boat and now you can
Unlock by franklin with new
animal species are photographed on one
new single emission then there is
but karen and these stalkers
they can just be sponsored
unlock stockcars so how to
example at the party with advertising for
on it and that 's it
with the stalkers and then there are still
a really cool further thing and that
monkeys would be complete in the
city ​​distributed by the artist so that
Any artworks are currently on in
which one should apply and this one should
all find when did you do that
then you switch the special blister
compact free in gogo space monkey praise there
Unfortunately, there was no picture here I am
In any case , you are really curious
how it will be
I think that we mediate as with
So tell the spaceship that you have to
example is to find all muslims and
then just get this pista compact
in gogol's base you are wise for the space
Talker where to put the room
yes, the principle is only synonymous
a jota giving the space stalker look
so that we definitely
really cool because I'm looking forward to it too
this is a new one
sigrid k there are still others
a new airship sponsored by
Clairvaux Gas and a new monster
truck with the name travel marshall as
In any case, everything is really cool
new features and I 'm really looking forward to it
that rockstar games so many
features has built for the people
have already played gta and with it
make them definitely some back
good with the bank robberies at least at
I will not be your opinion to
you are interested in all the new ones
I definitely think of features
really strong and that's where I want to say
next time, pure people yours
graphics and I forgot the video too
assess